<top>

<head> Tipster Topic Description


<num> Number: 101


<dom> Domain: Science and Technology 


<title> Topic: Design of the "Star Wars" Anti-missile Defense System


<desc> Description:

Document will provide information on the proposed configuration, components, 
and technology of the U.S.'s "star wars" anti-missile defense system. 


<smry> Summary:

Document will provide information on the proposed configuration, components, 
and technology of the U.S.'s "star wars" anti-missile defense system. 


<narr> Narrative:

A relevant document will provide information which aids description of the 
design and technology to be used in the anti-missile defense system advocated
by the Reagan administration, the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), also 
known as "star wars."  Any reported changes to original design, or any 
research results which might lead to changes of constituent technologies, 
are also relevant documents.  However, reports on political debate over the 
SDI, or arms control negotiations which might encompass the SDI, are NOT 
relevant to the science and technology focus of this topic, unless they 
provide specific information on design and technology.   


<con> Concept(s):

1. Strategic Defense Initiative, SDI, star wars, peace shield

2. kinetic energy weapon, kinetic kill, directed energy weapon, laser, 
   particle beam, ERIS (exoatmospheric reentry-vehicle interceptor system), 
   phased-array radar, microwave

3. anti-satellite (ASAT) weapon, spaced-based technology, strategic defense 
   technologies


<fac> Factor(s):

<nat> Nationality: U.S.

</nat>


<def> Definition(s):

</top>





<top>

<head> Tipster Topic Description


<num> Number: 102


<dom> Domain: Science and Technology 


<title> Topic: Laser Research Applicable to the U.S.'s Strategic Defense 
Initiative


<desc> Description:

Document will report on laser research related, or potentially related, to 
the U.S.'s Strategic Defense Initiative.


<smry> Summary:

Document will report on laser research related, or potentially related, to 
the U.S.'s Strategic Defense Initiative.


<narr> Narrative:

A relevant document will provide information on laser research which is 
either explicitly linked to the U.S.'s Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI, 
also known as "star wars") or which has potential applicability to the 
development of SDI laser technology.  Potentially relevant research could be 
referred to as research into directed energy weapons, or high energy lasers, 
or, more generally, referred to as military laser research.  A relevant 
document could take many forms -- award of contract, report of research 
results, or abstract of a professional paper on lasers.  However, a document 
clearly focused on use of low-power lasers in consumer products, surgical 
instruments, or industrial cutting tools is NOT relevant.


<con> Concept(s):

1. Strategic Defense Initiative, SDI, star wars, peace shield

2. laser, directed energy weapon, high energy weapon


<fac> Factor(s):

<nat> Nationality: U.S.

</nat>


<def> Definition(s):

</top>
